Now we have over 120 million dead from COVID.
You ever been to a Caucus? No you haven't. You're a lying dog-faced pony soldier.
If you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, then you ain't black.
I may be Irish but I'm not stupid.
Poor kids are just as bright and just as talented as white kids.
When the stock market crashed, Franklin Roosevelt got on the television and didn’t just talk about the princes of greed. He said, ‘Look, here’s what happened.
I’m told I get criticized by the new left. I have the most progressive record for anybody running – I didn’t mean it. I mean, of anyone who would run.
If I had intended to cheat, would I have been so stupid?…I value my word above all else.
We hold these truths to be self-evident: all men and women are created, by the, you know the, you know the thing.
I'm sorry... I'm gonna... this is the last question I'll take or I'm gonna be in trouble.
My dad used to say, 'Without your word, you're not a man.'
You know we're going to control the insurance companies.
Just talk to me as a father - not what the Constitution says. What do you feel?
Corn Pop was a bad dude, and he ran a bunch of bad boys... And so he was up on the board and wouldn't listen to me. I said, 'Hey, Esther, you! Off the board, or I’ll come up and drag you off.' Well, he came off and he said, 'I’ll meet you outside.
We have to hold every drug user accountable because if there are no drug users there'd be no appetite for drugs. There'd be no market for them.
I've had a great relationship [with Indians]. In Delaware, the largest growth in population is Indian-Americans moving from India. You cannot go to a 7-Eleven or a Dunkin' Donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent. I'm not joking.
Now is the time to heed the timeless advice from Teddy Roosevelt: 'Speak softly and carry a big stick.' I promise you – the president has a big stick. I promise you.
A man I'm proud to call my friend. A man who will be the next president of the United States — Barack America!
During the '60s, I was in fact very concerned about the civil rights movement. I was not an activist. I worked at an all-Black swimming pool in the east side of Wilmington, Delaware. I was involved. I was involved in what they were thinking, what they were feeling. I was involved, but I was not out marching. I was not down in Selma, I was not anywhere else.
I'd rather be at home making love to my wife while my children are asleep.
We have to take care of the cure. That will make the problem worse, no matter what. No matter what. We know what has to be done.
